[Music]
if we have a beautiful pig
around swabian hawk and
It will be in a very special way
Prepared I'll take it first
beaten
I have a mixture now
prepared from salt sugar star anise
cloves juniper berries and ten hits
I make the defendant produce
that just into the water
I can do that now and then
We are about eight percent of the location
I now have about 100 milliliters
is filled and thus is the belly
injected
they always inject from the side
a little bit of everything so every few
centimeter you can see it then
now that the result is a positive pressure
Now we need these people
which the legal position has to
one is expressing a bit of air network
The belly is beautiful from the situation here
surround
that also comes the fridge
pork belly knows 24 hours in the
so now he's killed
also put in a bag on it is
also very important that not
wrinkled is the bag
[Applause]
throw
I always sit many to make
65 degrees and now the little one goes to
godparents are 36 hours over but also
because now all the time here in this
water beard and get right now
here closed shell in that the
cooking process is stopped immediately
that's simply out there, yes
Eerie liquid formed
that means the tailors are first 3
for themselves
Let's take a look at myself
perfectly black 123456 layers of
to solve one's own half
I'm waiting
now has baku around the two pieces yet
times and regenerating 55 degrees from 19 o'clock
made two pieces once the piece without
black and once with that without
Black are now only in pieces
divide and go straight to the food münster
large
[Music]
was kissed on variant
[Applause]
[Music]